things I do that make it really hard to
manipulate me. Number one, I broke the
tone and energy shifts and I adjust
accordingly. I'm not explaining to other
people how they have to talk to me.
Number two, I never tell people what I
want from them too soon. I wait and I
see what they have to offer without me
telling them what I'm expecting. For
example, if you're on a date and you're
going to tell, I want a family, kids, X,
Y, and Z. Be sure people will tell you
exactly what you want to hear. Number
three, I don't ask why. When someone
acts off, I observe and when nothing
changes, I'm moving on. You might say
it's toxic. I say it's very much
respecting my boundaries. Number four, I
keep my circle tight. Not everyone
deserves a front ro in my life. Number
five, I'm polite but not passive. I
might smile a lot and come off like you
can walk all over me, but at the end of
the day, my smile is not a yes. You can
very much say I hate you. Number six, I
never argue with someone who is trying
to distort what happened. People are
revealing so much when you just let them
talk. And a person who is trying to
distort the reality is trying to feed
off your energy. Number seven, I slow
down when I feel rushed. Urgency is
usually a manipulation tool and that
happens literally everywhere in life.
Buy this now because later is not going
to be available is the last time we're
going to have this offer. Tactics that
are being used actually in sales are
manipulation tactics of urgency. And
that's why every time I feel rushed, I
just slow down turtle mode. Gather my
thoughts, observe what actually is
important and what's actually happening.
zoom out, I see the manipulation
happening right in front of me without
me being a victim